glossary: add roots, leafs and Node in the context of graphs (#833)
ipfs/ipfs-docs: docs/concepts/glossary.md

## L

### Leaf

> A Leaf is a node of a graph that by definition doesn't link to any other node. This is opposed to to [roots](#root). Leafs usualy just hold lots of data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Leaf is a node of a graph that doesn't link to any other node. This is opposed to a [root](#root).
```

A Node or [peer](#peer) is the IPFS program that you run on your local computer to store/cache files and then connect to the IPFS network (by running the [daemon](#daemon)). [More about Node](../how-to/command-line-quick-start.md#take-your-node-online)

### Node (in graphs)

> A node in the context of [graphs](#Graph) is a point that may be linked to other Nodes by edges or links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A node, in the context of [graphs](#graph), is a point that may be linked to by other nodes using edges or links.
```

> For example in your social network, each people can be seen as a node and each connection between people as an edge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, in a family tree each person is a _node_, while each branch connecting one person to another is an _edge_.
```

> You can also call node, vertice or point and knot (altho knot is very rarely used outside of knot theory).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The Repository (Repo) is a directory where IPFS stores all its settings and internal data. It is created with the `ipfs init` command. [More about Repo](../how-to/command-line-quick-start.md#install-ipfs)

### Root

> A root is a node in an [IPLD](#ipld) [graph](#graph) that by definition links to at least one [leaf](#leaf) or root together, roots may contain data too but that is optional.
> 
> This is used to aggregate multiple chunks of a file together. For example if your file is 600MiB, which fits in 3 chunk (the block size of IPFS being 256MiB), you will create 3 leafs and then create a root linking all of them together. Then the CID of this last root is what IPFS shows you as the CID of the file.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
A root is a [node](#node) in a [graph](#graph) that links to at least one other node. In an IPLD graph, roots are used to aggregate multiple chunks of a file together. 

If you have a 600MiB file `A`, it can be split into 3 chunks `B`, `C`, and `D` since the block size of IPFS is 256MiB. The node `A` that links to each of these three chunks is the root. The CID of this root is what IPFS shows you as the CID of the file.

```
      A
      |
-------------
|     |     |
B     C     D
```
````
